[Music]
if you're watching this I'd like to
congratulate you for discovering one of
the most amazing products of our time
the it works global ultimate body
applicator you can expect ultimate
results with this amazing 45-minute body
applicator the ultimate body applicator
is a non woven cloth wrap that has been
infused with the powerful botanically
based formula to deliver maximum
tightening toning and firming results
wherever it's applied to the skin it
tightens tones and firms it minimises
cellulite appearance it improves the
skin texture and tightness you get
results in as little as 45 minutes you
get progressive results over 72 hours
and best of all it's made with all
natural ingredients now I'm going to
demonstrate how to apply the applicator
and show you the results that you can
expect in as little as 45 minutes it's
important to have a few things on hand
first while doing this you're going to
want your applicator or wrap water a
marker measuring tape defining gel
rubbing alcohol plastic wrap and a
camera now let's bring in Amanda and
Rachel so that they can demonstrate how
to properly apply the wrap
first you'll want to take a before
picture
then what you'll do is you'll measure
and make marks where the measuring tape
is so that you have those same reference
points to work from once you remove the
applicator
next you'll want to take the slack out
of the tape so that way you get a more
accurate measurement you'll do this in
three different areas about three inches
apart top middle and bottom once you've
measured and recorded your numbers
you'll want to prepare the area by
cleaning it first with rubbing alcohol
and applying defining gel on the target
area if you don't have defining gel
rubbing alcohol will suffice now you're
ready to apply the applicator you open
it halfway and rub the excess onto your
body then you'll open it all the way and
place the center of the wrap on your
trouble spot
now what you want to do is you want to
smooth it out and try to get it as flat
as possible with no bubbles on the area
[Music]
then you'll finish by using the plastic
wrap to hold it into place
during the 45 minutes that the
applicator is on for maximum results you
should try to remain standing or laying
flat to minimize wrinkling or folding of
the rack it also helps if you rub gently
or massage the area where the wrap is
placed to maintain proper circulation
also you should drink at least 8 to 16
ounces of water and continue drinking
water daily for the next 72 hours to
help the results progressively improve
once you remove the wrap rub the excess
pointment onto the skin and continue to
rub it into the skin until it fully
disappears
take your after picture measure the area
using the reference marks that we first
made and record the new numbers
here are some of the results that you
can expect after using the ultimate body
applicator
[Music]
to order the full body applicator and
other amazing products contact an it
works distributor thanks for watching
today and be sure to watch my other
videos highlighting our others very
effective supplements and natural
products I'm gay the rapper and it's a
wrap
[Music]